young woman
I saw Boss Wu
We just went to Lian Man Er restaurant
That vegetable cart
She also took him to her restaurant.
Yeah, yeah, I understand
come down
Mrs.
your sister
very smart
Where did you get so much?
Off-season vegetables
No
How do you get others to be more ambitious?
destroy your prestige
I'm not talking about you
Why don't you come up now?
Boss Cai Boss Wu
How dare I do this?
What should you be afraid of?
Isn’t this just a few words?
Is it about polite language?
Rose
What’s wrong with you?
I'm just worried about the official
I forgot what I told you
Then as long as we
She had a relationship with Boss Wu
Not only will I be able to gain a foothold in the government in the future,
that girl and brother
I can look up to you too
Flowers are okay
There will be opportunities in the future
Lord Wu
These two are indeed human beings
some tips
Especially the young man named Shen
Even though this man said he was a farmer
But from the appearance
Unlike ordinary people in the market
He is also very experienced in what he does.
he still sees me
I read
not simple
I understand, I'll check it now
What exactly?
I can't tell clearly either
Stop asking around
It's just a store anyway
things suddenly got worse
Come on
let me tell you
Mr. Long's aunt
Fresh vegetables are in high demand
really
Mr. Bellon's restaurant business
I don’t know how many times better
Heard about our restaurant
flowers
At least you should keep your nerves in check.
then look at them
You have to be in front of your mother-in-law again
Say you are not
Well, don't be angry all the time.
this makes me angry
Not worth it or not worth it
Mom, what are you doing here?
you are a child
Mom can't come to see you yet
All right
Mom has thought of a way for you
Let's get rid of this bad breath
what to do
taste
The elbows are coming, the elbows are coming.
Come, come, come
Look, I took them all away
Which
let me say a few words
Manier wanted to say a few words.
All right
thank you all
Help us harvest hot spring vegetables
Only suitable for our small shop
attracted many customers
I have promised everyone before
Let's have dinner together when this is all over
It wasn't until recently that I had some free time
although
We are a small shop
Far below
No other restaurant has this size
but i believe
us
will get better and better
OK OK
Come on, come on, have a drink
drink a bottle
Come, come, come
All right
Thank you all, thank you all.
Come, come, come
Come on, come on, keep eating, eating, eating
Manier
Why are you so polite?
We are all from the same village
everyone comes to help
Everything is as it should be
Then it
besides it
Your job needs to be done well
future
She opened another restaurant and hotel
Unemployed people in our village
everyone goes there to find a job
Yes
What you said to my father was right.
my father was right
I've said it before
This restaurant could definitely do well, though.
That's it, that's right
Watch the door now
that threshold
It's almost crushing.
not good
I'm talking about our store
Open at this angle
alley
Very good workmanship
We're going to drive to that popular store down the street
this work
Nothing can compare to flowers
a hundred times better
real, real, real
Yes
I say Munir
Where are your parents?
Why don't you contact them here?
my mother said
winter my grandma
Always eat pickles
so follow me
I sent a lot of hot spring vegetables there
I think it will take a few days to come back
Very filial
shop owner
The yard is full
Tomorrow's dish
Let’s take stock quickly.
OK
There are still many dishes in the kitchen that have not been served.
Everyone eat slowly
All right
Just get busy, get busy.
Manier
royal
it's beautiful
this looks expensive
i can't accept
he accepts
look
Only the white jade box
Only then can I match that color
I made it specially for you
If you draw it, it will definitely look good.
Thanks
let me sell red here
you gave me a lot of money
I gave you nothing
What a decent gift?
i must thank you
A customer walks into the store
Maybe I'm here for your lipstick.
it was you who helped me
No
Thanks
admiration
look
what are you doing here?
No
What's this?
This is Manier
this is very beautiful
Yes
You can also make one for your mom.
What a dexterous hand
Make the most of everything
No
you
My mother didn't mean it
Yeah yeah yeah
I squatted all morning
I'm not done yet
Mother
my stomach hurts
I can't stand mom
Who asked you to eat alone?
you deserved
What's wrong with me?
Who has milk in it?
I want to go to the hut
your mother
Squat, squat, squat, squat every morning
I had frequent vomiting and diarrhea.
Open the door, Leanne Manier
Leanne Mannner, get out of here
Come out
Ryan Manner
go out
uncle and aunt
What’s wrong with you?
What happened to us, you ask?
at the restaurant last night
What do you give us to eat?
Yes
What do you want to eat?
nothing to eat
Dongpo Pork Knuckle
fish soup
Fried mountain bamboo shoots
small vegetables
Manil Manil
you still have time
Are you reporting the name of the dish here?
Your second uncle is very nice
The bottom is almost leaking.
They all have diarrhea
I took everything out
I just returned to the village last night
I have vomiting and diarrhea
I couldn't go on that morning
You just came to my door
No
impossible
I've had this meal too
look
I have no problem at all
is that possible
Or should we lie to you?
There's just something wrong with your food
return
you treat us
I will notify the official immediately
Notify administrator immediately
have something to say
How do we get there?
what happened
They said they ate our food
Vomiting and diarrhea
Poisoned
Fix it quickly
Please stay calm everyone
this matter
we will find a solution
if this is true
There's something wrong with our meals
We must be responsible to the end
look
This is a huge delay
hurry up
listen to me
Miss Manier
I want to treat you to a nice meal
Manier
Find Wang Youheng quickly
Don't worry
Manil, don't go
I have to give you an explanation
Brother Heng, come with me
Where is Manier going?
Many people in the village are sick
Go and have a look
Manier
I
I dont go
you go to town
Find a real doctor
Are you still worried about this?
Brother Heng
so now
someone else died
lie in front of you
Will you save?
if you say no
I will leave immediately
Find another doctor
but if you have
A trace of hesitation
This proves that you haven't given up yet
where are people
come over
Yes, are you still in pain?
Feeling better
beautiful
I put you down
I am actually
Don't worry, sit down first
Xinnuo
Come quickly
The eldest son is here
Let me show it to your second aunt first.
OK
Come on, second aunt
let me take your pulse
Come on, come on, take a look
I told you
Why did you want to see it first?
go! go! go
this is my baby
Ewing
Come one by one
everyone will be treated
look at yourself
All right
I've suffered a lot.
What's up with her
I'll give the needle first
This time I went to the hut again and again
I really can't stand it anymore
Poke me first, poke me first.
I'm anxious too
Don't be messy, don't be messy
don't worry don't worry
hurry up
I'm anxious too
successively
All right
everything can be treated
Don't worry
Don't be messy, don't be messy
successively
Don't mess around, don't mess around, don't mess around
hurry up
All right
What's the situation now?
dad
Both
Don't panic everyone
severe acupuncture
If the condition is mild, you can take medicine
Stop diarrhea immediately
Manier
Can you find a way to buy fresh garlic?
Sear the garlic, peel and serve
It can relieve diarrhea and abdominal pain
Go quickly
OK
Is this garlic useful?
Is it useful?
hurry up
What are you doing so quickly?
I am not in a hurry
Why are you still standing there?
Take off your shoes first
Come
no no
Don't bully me
No, no
they treat us
Believe in Lao Jin
give others
How is it going
Are you OK
The doctor gave him an injection
Zaha, you
OK
Don't be messy, don't be messy
presentable
They will all be healed.
Can I leave?
It would be nice to be able to walk
thank you very much doctor
Slow down, slow down
dad
How can you
Your father and I are both fourteen or fifteen years old
I studied medicine with my teacher.
only
Later he surrendered
son
you know
What do doctors fear most?
perhaps
he faces death
Death is inevitable in life
The scariest thing is
It's the pain of falling into death
destroyed
That's why your father and I
He gave up practicing medicine
I didn't agree with you studying medicine before
I believe in practicing medicine
It's better to charge interest
really comfortable
My father doesn't want you either
Walking my old path again
but i have never seen you
Save people without hesitation
I know
Your son is better than me
If you really like this job
do not give up
not because of accident
lose it and move on
Opportunity to save a life
If one day
if you don't want to do this anymore
Daddy takes care of you, kid.
Uncle Jin, brother Heng
thank you very much today
without you
I don't even know what to do anymore
but
I'm lucky today
I saw Uncle Jin showing off his skills
And Brother Yang
Can you judge?
these villagers
What did you eat that caused the emergency?
Now, emergency personnel are called
I forgot to tell you in detail
when i take my pulse
He found that these people had irregular pulses
Manier called the villagers yesterday
that meal
These are home-cooked dishes
Speak logically
will not cause
causing such serious consequences
so
There is only one possibility
that meal
Because someone dropped something
They have obvious symptoms of vomiting and diarrhea
This is rhubarb
Rhubarb is weakly toxic and slow to take effect
So the villagers
Eat Maha meal
Will not be poisoned immediately
smells good
not easily noticed
Excessive consumption can cause diarrhea
Ewing
You go to the restaurant with Maner
See if you can find anything
I'm going to walk around these people's houses.
make sure they are ok
OK
I will go with you
look
This is from a wet bucket
refining
It is also mixed with some other vegetables
Can you find out anything?
in
found it
What
Rawand Hakkar
this is a big leak
Mild abdominal pain and diarrhea after eating
anorexia
In severe cases, it can be life-threatening
This is such a brutal attack
he goes
Mr. Yamen, you are right
Someone notified the official
tell me about your restaurant
Food is not clean
They ordered us to check
All products in our store
Never allowed to be taken away
This is the file
you listen to me
we were framed
have you seen
There's rhubarb on this spoon
is evidence
This alone does not prove anything
Mr. Yamen
Please treat this issue fairly
Give us back our innocence
innocent
Let’s wait until we adults know about it.
You guys go out first
We'll put our stamp on it.
fraternity seal
Yes
Who reported this case?
Our store is very popular
Who is the most jealous?
Take the money and leave immediately
Stop looking for it
This restaurant has been closed by the government
The door cannot be opened
It turned out to be the owner Lian
Even the shopkeeper
it spreads everywhere
Your hot spring vegetables are poisonous
You said you wouldn't run away from the spotlight
what are you doing here?
aunt
My food is not poisonous
non-toxic
The government also took away your house
This store is closed
we were framed
but we found it
Evidence of being framed
But officials don’t believe it
no chance to explain
Not even for us
God knows what you did
I will definitely put this down
Discover
Let this store reopen
Sister Munir
Sister Hoyer
where are we going?
go home
It's better to go home
Do you want to go home?
it can be calm and quiet
How do I look?
A life of hard work
look
I am very busy
I am sister
I still have to give you some advice.
this is work
I still don't know how to do a lot of tricks
Are you saying there's something in this?
Looks new and strange
But it’s also easy to have problems
Doing business still requires this
Sister is like this
safety and health
Only in this way can you have the last laugh
It's work
you will be fine
Sister Hoyer
I hope
you didn't do this
Are you really thinking about this?
It was Lian Hua'er who did it
uncertain
The means are very evil
I hope it's not her
It just happened
Yemen brings official documents
Lai Fung Restaurant
This speed is indeed doubtful
This is the person who informed the official
Eighty percent are poisonous
we are in a group
Regardless of whether Lian Hua'er did it or not
I'll look into this matter
Brother Heng said
He accidentally ate rhubarb
In severe cases, it may be life-threatening
because of mistakes
many villagers
Just thinking about it scares me
Don't worry
it will disappear
at the moment
The restaurant is closed
Rumors about poisonous restaurant food
will spread soon
Such a bad reputation
This is impossible for us
in a short period of time
Create new stores and start new businesses
Then go to Jinyang
Is there no hope?
not to mention
In order to get close to Wu Zhonglian
The matter remains unresolved
Maybe everything is not so hopeless
How to say
Do you remember Wu Zhonglian?
When you come to our restaurant
Do you agree to let me deliver food?
But the food in our restaurant
Everything is poisonous
Is now the right time?
Instead of sitting and waiting to die
It's better to strike first
Brother Shen
What does it mean?
Sorry to bother Mr. Wu.
This used to be in my restaurant
The food I promised you
I have sent you
as far as I know
Brother Shen’s hot spring dishes
has a problem
Seized by the government
how dare you
Give me
What happened?
I can't even hide it from Mr. Wu.
But King Wu had foresight
They are incomparable to ordinary people
Is there something wrong with my dish?
i think you'll have it
special judgment
Brother Shen is here
Not just for food delivery, right?
again
I want to join Jinyangxing
But your store
closed
Lord Wu
I'm in trouble today
It's because I'm in this place
no supporters
I will make those who hate me
Autocratic
Lord Wu
I don't want you to help me
but if i could find out
Can you let me join Jinyangxing?
From now on, I will rely on Mr. Wu to make a living.
vegetable
I accept
As for can I join Jinyangxing?
This time it depends on your ability
Then I would first like to thank Teacher Wu.
bid farewell
Manier
As soon as I entered the hospital, I heard Yer say
Your restaurant is closed
How is this going
I am anxious
just a few days ago
She asked the villagers to help pick vegetables
Have a meal
I have no expectations
Everyone has vomiting and diarrhea
The government also knows
So it was banned
He knew it early
we won't go
I brought food to your grandma
At least
Mom can help you monitor this
Manier
If this government
If you want to find someone
You blame this on my father
Dad will take care of it
It's okay, dad
this matter
The restaurant is closed when the sky is high
Someone was obviously framed
Wait until the government finds out
Can be opened normally again
That's not it
All right
How many times have you encountered
that kind of thing
every time
I tried my best to solve everything
It will be fine this time too
but
Go get some rest.
Manier, let me tell you.
My parents believe in you
but if something happens
You should tell your parents promptly
I can't bear it alone
Okay, okay, okay
Then it
Go home, go home
Is there anything else I want to say?
All right
This time they are all back
Go to bed quickly
Where is Hinnu?
to gaze
Who are you looking at? Lian Huaier?
If as we expected
Lian Huaier was the one who poisoned her
So do you think she will be stupid?
do it yourself
So if I were her
I sent someone to do it
What will you do next?
certainly
I can't let people stay with me anymore.
To keep him away
correct
Mr. Lang
We found out who left the Song family
He is staring at this person
See what you can touch
beautiful
Although Shen Nuo is already investigating
But the truth is still unclear
We cannot stand idly by and wait for death
Want to use your rewards?
Find the person who framed the restaurant
Will this trick work?
What I want is a fight
The more people know, the better
Even if someone rewards you with money
It is also through these people
Spread the word about rewards
Just like that, the wind blows together
the person who started
I found that all the plants around me were surrounded by soldiers.
When you are stressed, your shortcomings are exposed.
Which
that's what you said
Are there any mistakes in what you wrote?
what is the problem?
look here
One piece of news fifty taels
such a high price
Who would believe it?
You don't understand that, do you?
look
You write these rewards
You'll be surprised if you see it with your own eyes
What if I post this?
When the others saw this scene, they went crazy with excitement.
more useful
Did we achieve our goals?
correct
make sense
Not very good
Take these fifty taels
Change it to one hundred taels
This is better
Very refreshing
There is indeed someone now
Are you saying you pay for information?
He also gave the main characters
This is a very high reward
Is this really fake?
The notice is posted throughout the city
This is probably not a joke, right?
Probably not
This meal is poisonous
I just heard
I just don't know who the murderer is
pity
You don't know, I know
I will get the reward now
I'm coming too
wait for me wait for me
So I can have it too
One hundred taels
go! go! go
Shopkeeper Zhang often encounters strange things
molar
Complaining that you took away his business
The noodle shop next door talks about your Malatang
Not as delicious as their noodles
several days ago
He saw a tall man
he stands on the wall
Thanks
Remember when the time comes
tell me something
Next
I don't have time to claim the reward.
you know
Who hurt our restaurants?
nature
i really saw it
Very good and very fast
Say it quickly
i saw someone
I drugged your food
When and where were you?
That day
Promote your food
The day before eating someone else's stomach
i saw someone
In the back alley of your kitchen
maybe i take it with me
That's a big bag of medicine, right?
this is a big bag
then from you
Enter from the back door of the kitchen
This is the medicine I gave you
So who is this person?
What is the body shape like?
What is it like?
man
Approximate height
Is it that high?
Then
The face is too big
So the president
And a beard
It's dark
I didn't see clearly either
but i swear
I've really seen this guy
At first glance, this person is not a good person.
That makes sense
we must have this
keep good records
Record
Can I get a bonus?
maybe not now
But wait until we catch someone
Send money to your home as soon as possible
So let's talk about this first
the person you caught
follow me
This is almost the same as described
All credit must go to me.
All right
May I have your name
Where do you live?
Mr. Dong's back alley
all
Manier
These people were not found
Is this all a lie to you?
they don't know at all
Who hurt our restaurant?
Just to cheat the bonus
I know
Then let's waste this time
look behind you
There are many people queuing up
maybe in your eyes
i am a victim
But in the eyes of others
Have you heard of bonuses?
Can you not know?
when he comes
I've seen a lot of people report bonuses.
This is the queue
Invest large amounts of money to offer bonuses
her restaurant
No matter how good the previous works are
Can you make that much money?
She is doing everything she can to lose all her money.
We must also root out those behind the scenes
catch them
so
Really framed
I think it's possible
I said if this is her food
If it's really poisonous
Can she have this confidence?
Can you spend a lot of money?
Are you here to reward me?
What's the matter, young lady?
Awang, right?
Why did we all leave it?
Why are you asking him?
please keep your voice down
He is very greedy for money
if he saw
Leanne Manier's bonus
grandfather
What should I do if he cheats on me?
if he leaves
You should no longer see the reward.
No
You still have to take me to his house
I have to see it with my own eyes
You really left Jinyang Province
i feel very comfortable
OK
Okay, okay, keep doing your job.
some people are skeptical
The guy selling steamed buns is right at the door
Firewood is often stolen from restaurants
No wonder
Recently we have firewood in the store
Very fast to use
It turns out someone benefited from it
look
This second brother reports to Li Laosan
He secretly drugged us in our store.
There is another one
Li Laosan reports on Zhang Laoer's situation
Secretly drugged our store
How is this going
So who gave the medicine?
dog eat dog
Reply to this credit
Not small indeed
The response is not small
But it's no use
of course not
This notification helps a lot
What was found?
correct
I've been staring at her these days
Nga Wang, a courtier of the Song Dynasty
hot cake
Come two
All right
Come
Credit first
Awang, what's wrong?
I lost again and even lost my underwear.
Hot selling buns Selling buns
Fresh hot cakes
This Ngawang is a gambler
he does this
All just to get money to pay off debts
Know that I lost the bet
shortage of silver
You came here specifically to give me money.
Once your reward notification is sent
Today I pay attention to Awang
There is a new discovery
but
Leanne Manier's bonus
But that's not all
you are too greedy
forward
I gave you some money
Let you leave Jinyang County
Forget it if you don’t leave
Now I'll give you another sum of money
you think this is not enough
if you're really passionate about it
Let's go talk to the government.
I was given medication
mention
What's in it for you?
Talking without logic
Madam, please nod to me again.
if you don't give
I will expose this
The government rewards me with prison meals every day
I'm not too worried
Madam, I'm afraid you won't be used to it.
It turns out they really are flowers.
unacceptable
Let’s take Awang to meet the officials.
Such a gangster
before the government
He won't tell the truth either
what should I do?
we all know who he is
There is currently no treatment
rest assured
I've thought of a way
Which hour?
it's time
sesh
How does this Awang make money?
Still slowing down
It really won't pass
Have you received your award from Leanne Maner?
don't worry ma'am
It's a pity that he doesn't have the courage.
Dare to get to know him
This brother
No, no, no, this is my uncle
Did you bump into the wrong person?
Hit the wrong person
You're the one who's going to get hit
those who hit
It's you
very very
If you have something to say, please tell me
Why do you care?
You want money, right? I have money.
gave
I want it right away
i got some money
I'll give it to you when I get it
Do you dare to take the Song family's money?
family money song
Song family
You dare to take it too
Song Song family
grandfather
please spare your life
I promise I won't stay here anymore
I promise to stay away
I won't bother this young lady anymore.
I don't care if you say that
you can tell them yourself
stand up and walk
Song Gongzi
I brought you people
Awang
Sir, spare your life
Children should not be greedy
You shouldn't blackmail your wife
Awang
What do you mean?
Why are you blackmailing my lady?
this
honestly
Mrs.